You go to eat first, and the other parts,
You go to eat first,
You go to eat first, you go to eat first,
You go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, You go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go to eat first, you go first
Go to eat, you go to eat first, you go to eat first,
You go to eat first, you go to eat first,
You go to eat first, you go first
We wanted to have a good drink and we drank
I've sent it to you a long time ago